city
every day his things do not look at me
excellent very good I like very much the
robes from the theaters and also when
I did television and theater at the same
weather
and they become like a piece of one what
that I do have cabals with the things of
the characters the handkerchief of the grandmother
mirtha has nothing in particular has
the apron quoted and then has all the
kitchen paraphernalia dishes
covered all that daddy cut me
all right
the lord how am i
They were without 32 m
nazareno móttola an idol for the house
but really the great ending
of the hour all very good but he does not
it's very good we went very fast
we find out that there is a new function
to be able to see a work very good
beautiful very good can your devotees
a lot of experience in the dictionary a
great actor and start and just ventured
make the ruling at this time and they
I ask please, I wanted to pass because
I brought a gift
it's for me to eat it, it seems to me
it was not for the program and the program was not
I was prepared for someone to say yes
well there have been huge comedians and
great and what if I and the program
Tinelli has a very large bill and
a great production and I need you to
listen a little for no no gaza ya
characters that have to tell a
little story because if you do not you can not understand
the old woman if she does not start talking a little
of something does not tell jokes one back already
from the legalized birth
the photocopy because I'm not going to
separate I think it was one thing I
It was untimely but if one does not get
in things you do not end up knowing
that is, one can not walk by choosing
I 'm going to do this because I can and can not
is for me
I blow his forehead a girl of 14
years that asks me to stay thin or
in my own
great
it's the first time we've come to see it and
it really is a very nice show
very good is very good very funny
very cute came to see gas and the
truth goes beyond the limits
ah
the pace from when it started until
It ended fantastic I had seen it done
two years the best there is
avn thinking about two more weekends
you saw so I wait for you in this theater
divine of rosario I come to rosario
100 years is working age I have
I worked the circle